Debts are what you need
Don't Overdo It
Be careful, this will be over soon.
They owe me money.
What does it have to do with you?
What are you?
Li Fei'er is my woman
You dare to touch her
That's moving me.
Boy, I advise you not to meddle in things that are not your business.
Whether it is manageable or not
It's none of your business
Please do me a favor.
But the IOU is 50 million
This 50 million must have a lot of interest
If you borrow money from me, you have to follow my rules.
We don't recognize this IOU
What's the meaning
It's your trap.
That's why my dad borrowed so much money.
No matter if this is a trap or not
It is a fact that your Li Company borrowed 50 million from me.
This IOU is the evidence
A done deal
Pay debts
It is only natural
Debt woman pays off
Do you admit it or not?
Hahaha
But it doesn't matter.
Miss Li, I am not an unreasonable person.
How about this?
I'll give you two choices today.
or
You help your father pay off the 50 million in one go.
Or you can pay off your father's debts.
Until the 50 million is reached
How is it?
Hahahaha